
ANDREW TSUJIMOTOWEBSITEandrewtsujimoto.comMOBILE(909) 816-1283

EMAILandrewtsuji@gmail.com
I am a creative-minded problem solver with an inherent drive to find efficient solutions.  I bring laughter and delight, along with empathy and encouragement to my work environment.  I have an inquisitive personality with a tendency to dive deep and explore a subject to its fullest.EXPERIENCEUneeda BurgerSeattle, WANov 2016 – March 2017
General Manager of a staff of 10+ employees.  Responsible for inventory, cash drops, minor maintenance, and assisting with scheduling.  Educated my employees on best practices for customer service and restaurant maintenance, as well as curated a beer program of 10 rotating taps.Wing DomeSeattle, WAAug 2015 – Nov 2016
Promoted from waiter to supervisor in the first 4 months.  Responsible for helping both front-of-house and back-of-house to get through service.  Whether that meant assisting waiters with orders, the bartender with drinks, or the kitchen with prep work.  Speakeasy Ales & LagersSan Francisco, CAApril 2013 – June 2015
Part of small sales team assigned to service our home market of San Francisco.  Managed 200+ accounts, including some of our top overall buyers.  In my 2 years, I helped to grow our brewery’s overall sales by 40% and sales to our San Francisco distributor by 10%.  I was able to accomplish this with excellent customer service and meticulous organization/planning.EDUCATION General AssemblySeattle, WA
Full-time Web Development Immersive student.  The course was 3 months, 60+ hrs/week, and focused on building full stack web applications both individually and in a team environment.  Troubleshooting your own problems and analytical thought were some of the school’s core values.UC Santa CruzSanta Cruz, CA
2 yrsMajored in Computer EngineeringSKILLSCustomer ServiceProblem SolvingCollaborativeTime ManagementMultitasking

TOOLSHTML/CSSSQL/PostgreSQLBootstrap/MaterializeSequelizeJavaScriptMongoDB/MongooseNode.js/ExpressJS
AngularJS